# MapStruct

We use maptstruct for the change of values of properties.
### Main tags:
- `@Mapper`
Marks an interface or abstract class as a mapper and activates the generation of a implementation of that type viaMapStruct.
	- The main properties are:
		-	`componentModel`:
			Specifies the component model to which the generated mapper shouldadhere. Supported values are 
			- *default*: the mapper uses no component model, instances aretypically retrieved via Mappers.getMapper(Class)
			- *cdi*: the generated mapper is an application-scoped CDI bean andcan be retrieved via @Inject
			- *spring*: the generated mapper is a Spring bean andcan be retrieved via @Autowired
			- *jsr330*: the generated mapper is annotated with @javax.inject.Named and @Singleton, and can be retrieved via @Inject
		-	`uses`:
			Other mapper types used by this mapper. May be hand-written classes or other mappers generated by MapStruct. 
			Nocycle between generated mapper classes must be created.
- `@Mapping`
Prior to the method we indicate this label as we indicate the specific mapping of some property.
	The  property of tags more important are:
	-	**target**	: The target name of the configured property as defined by the JavaBeans specification. 
					The same target propertymust not be mapped more than once. 
	-	**source**	:	The source to use for this mapping. This can either be: 
					1.The source name of the configured property as defined by the JavaBeans specification. 
					This may either be a simple property name (e.g. "address") or a dot-separated property path (e.g. "address.city"or "address.city.name"). In case the annotated method has several source parameters, the property name mustqualified with the parameter name, e.g. "addressParam.city".
					2.When no matching property is found, MapStruct looks for a matching parameter name instead.
					3.When used to map an enum constant, the name of the constant member is to be given.
	-	**qualifiedByName**	: String-based form of qualifiers; When looking for a suitable mapping method for a given property, MapStruct willonly consider those methods carrying directly or indirectly (i.e. on the class-level) a Named annotationfor each of the specified qualifier names. 
	- 	**expression** 	: Currently, Java is the only supported "expression language" and expressions must be given in form of Javaexpressions using the following format: java(<EXPRESSION>). 
	-	**constants** 	:	A constant String based on which the specified target property is to be set. 
						When the designated target property is of type: 
						1.primitive or boxed (e.g. java.lang.Long). 
						MapStruct checks whether the primitive can be assigned as valid literal to the primitive or boxed type. 
						◦If possible, MapStruct assigns as literal. 
						◦If not possible, MapStruct will try to apply a user defined mapping method. 
						2.other 
						MapStruct handles the constant as String. The value will be converted by applying a matching method,type conversion method or built-in conversion. 
						This attribute can not be used together with source(), defaultValue(), defaultExpression() or expression().
	- 	**dateFormat** 	: A format string as processable by SimpleDateFormat if the attribute is mapped from String to Date or vice-versa. Will be ignored for all other attribute types and when mapping enum constants. 
	-	**numberFormat**	: Whether the property specified via target() should be ignored by the generated mapping method or not.
	-	**ignore**	:	Whether the property specified via target() should be ignored by the generated mapping method or not.
	
